add steps to add site shortcut for Firefox (#3)
withastro/wormhole: README.md

Now, you can type `astro` in Chrome's address bar, followed by whatever topic you'd like to jump to in the Astro Docs.

### Firefox

Firefox out of the box does not support adding a new search engine. However, there is an option to enable it. Here is how:

- Open a new tab and navigate to `about:config`
- In the search box, type `browser.urlbar.update2.engineAliasRefresh`.
- At this point, the result list should be empty.
  - If it is empty, click the **+** button at the top right.
  - If the option already exists, set it to `true` by clicking the swap button on the right.
- Now navigate to `about:preferences#search`.

> - Notice that it now has an **Add** button. Click on it.

Reviewer: Suggesting one small change here to be a bit clearer based on running through these steps myself:

```suggestion
- Click on the **Add** button under the “Search Shortcuts” list.
```

- In the popup, set the **engine URL** to `https://a.stro.cc/%s`.
- Set the alias to `astro`, or anything you prefer!

> - press **Add Engine**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Press **Add Engine**.
```
